#labels Featured
#An application to quickly and painlessly examine various aspects of an Android app. Great for pen testers, devs, and curious android owners.

= Introduction =

C-Ray is an Android application scanner that can be used to scan and analyze android applications for security configurations. 



= Details =

C-Ray gives a summary of security posture and permissions on each of the activities exposed by the application in the *Summary* scan and also allows an end user to perform a basic penetration test of the application by manully invoking the intents with appropriate actions. Manual testing can be performed using the *Manual* scan feature of the application.

Users can scan an application by specifying the name of the application as it appears on the device or by specifying the package name of the application. C-Ray cannot be used to scan an entire Android system and is intended to help pen testers, developers, architects and curious device owners assess the security posture of Android applications.

==*_Color coding used by C-Ray:_*==

*RED*           = Insecure Interface - world access.

*GREEN*      = Secure Interface - cannot be accessed by other applications

*YELLOW*   = Secured using permission, but could be exploited or invoked

*WHITE*      = Secured using permission

= Installation =
  # Download the apk ([http://code.google.com/p/c-ray/downloads/detail?name=c-ray.apk&can=2&q=]) from the download section.
  # Manually install the apk using adb.
  # Download apk using mobile browser and click on c-ray.apk in status bar to install the application.